clarify what endpoints remember for 0-RTT (#91)
marten-seemann/draft-seemann-quic-reliable-stream-reset: draft-ietf-quic-reliable-stream-reset.md

transport parameter MUST treat the receipt of a non-empty value as a connection
error of type TRANSPORT_PARAMETER_ERROR.

When using 0-RTT, both endpoints MUST remember that this extension was

> negotiated. This allows use of this extension in 0-RTT packets. When the server

Reviewer: Negotiated is vague, it is the server's TP that needs to be remembered. Separately, it'd be better to add a reference to the section that defines what "remember" means, as the server might store state in the session ticket rather than retaining state.

```suggestion
When using 0-RTT, both endpoints MUST remember whether this extension was
advertised by the server ({{Section 7.4.1 of RFC9000}}). This allows use of this extension in 0-RTT packets. When the server
```

> accepts 0-RTT data, the server MUST NOT disable this extension on the resumed

Reviewer: "MUST NOT disable" implies that it was implied on the original connection, but we could be clearer.

```suggestion
negotiated. This allows use of this extension in 0-RTT packets. A server that
accepts 0-RTT data MUST advertise this extension if it was advertised on the
original connection.
```
